Just let me check
Her sixteenth birthday
started five minutes ago.
Oh look Hilda,
she's levitating right on schedule.
Lets wake her up and tell her she's a witch.
No. Let her sleep.
She starts her new school tomorrow
besides the first levitation is so special.
Yeah, but then it gets old real quick.
I can't believe our
little niece is growing up.
Wait till Sabrina finds out
what new doors this will open for her.
Wait till she finds out you still get zits
when you're six hundred years old.
Well we'd better go before she wakes up.
So sweet, so innocent,
just the perfect little witch.
1X01 "Pilot"
27-SEP-1996
Morning.
Good morning.
Happy birthday Sabrina.
And many more to come.
Many, many more to come.
I ah, got you a little something.
Actually that's from both of us.
I just forgot to sign the card.
I hope you don't already have one.
A black pot?
Actually I don't. Thanks.
It's a cauldron.
Wow, even better.
I can um put my pens in it.
That's not what it's for.
Sabrina, we have something to tell you.
You see there are two realms,
the natural and the supernatural
and it turns out the immutable laws of physics...
You're a witch.
What do you mean, I'm a witch?
Now you're not alone.
I'm a witch, Hilda's a witch, your father's a witch.
And I suppose my mom's a witch too.
I always thought so.
Actually your mom's mortal.
You see that's why you're here,
so that we can teach you to use your magic.
You know for a second there
you almost made me forget
about my first day at school. Thanks...
but now I've got to go and catch a bus
to take me to my doom.
Bye bye. Have fun.
And don't make too many hand gestures.
My aunts try hard, but you have to admit
they're pretty weird.
You have no idea.
Summer's over. Come on in.
I'm Mr. Pool.
And I know you
were hoping I was going to
spend the day
mispronouncing your names but
instead lets jump straight into biology huh?
The frog is a
cold blooded vertebrate.
As we dissect this
amphibian we'll be looking for...
The kidney,
the heart and my lost youth.
So if you'll each choose
up a lab partner.
Or I could pair you off by height.
Thank you.
Hey, you want...
Harvey!
I'll be your lab partner.
Lets name him Tad,
Tad Pole.
Okay.
Hey thanks for asking me to be your lab partner.
I know what it's like,
I was the new kid last year.
So, can I ask you a question?
Do you ever feel like you don't fit in?
Only all the time but
I don't want to fit in.
I researched it and awkward people
tend to be much more successful later in life.
I look at... Libby,
I see tragedy.
Oh look girls, you've
you've bored your frog to death.
Well, slice and dice.
Oh I hate doing this.
If only there was some way
I could bring these frogs back to life.
I think his heart is somewhere around... here.
LOOK!
Tad's alive! How'd that happen?
Ha-ha! It's Frankenfrog.
Hey,
Mr. Pool. Ours is still kicking.
Oh, Mike from Cadaver Shack's gonna hear from me.
Can you believe how young the freshmen look?
May we help you?
I just wanted to wash my hands.
Y'know, frog juice.
You know,
if you stink I'm not sure it's fair to blame the frog.
Well at least I don't splash on aftershave
to remind me of some boy
who dumped me last summer.
How'd you know that?
I don't know,
my incredible sense of smell told me?
Huh! Yeah right.
Well, I'd better get going.
Smell you later.
Wait! Don't come in here again.
From now on you use the freaks bathroom.
Hi, I'm home.
Where is everyone?
Surprise!
Oh look a party, sort of.
Oh look, you put Salem in a little party hat,
that's so cute.
Here is a present from your father.
An old book? A black pot?
Doesn't anyone shop at The Gap anymore?
'The Discovery of Magic'
Why'd he give me this?
That's why! This old magician looks just like my dad.
Surprise!
It is your dad.
Happy birthday Sabrina.
Wow! Hallmark has gone really high tech.
Can he say anything else?
I'm not a hologram honey,
I'm just in a different realm.
A different realm?
I thought you were at the Toronto Midway Motor Lodge.
Zelda! Hilda! Didn't you explain to her she's a witch?
She doesn't believe us.
Not this again.
Look, I know you went
to a lot of trouble to set this joke up so
ha-ha-ha. Now it's over.
No. It's just beginning.
You are A witch.
With real magical powers
and now that your sixteen
you can use them.
And you wanted something from The Gap.
So what are you saying,
that I'm not who I think I am?
You're not who I think you are?
And my father lives in a book?
Oh finally she gets it.
This is insane.
I'm going to my room.
Come on Salem.
Can you wait till I've finished my milk?
Did the cat just talk?
Yes,
and get this stupid hat of my head.
Oh my God!
I think we'd better let her father handle this.
Ted?
Sabrina, open me up!
No!
We have to talk young lady,
open me up this instant!
No! I don't want to talk to a book.
Oh God, I'm talking to a book.
I can't be a witch.
Witches don't exist.
Honey, I know this is hard
but you just have to accept it.
You're not like other kids,
you're special.
I don't wanna be special,
I wanna be normal.
I understand,
but that ship has sailed.
None of this makes sense.
I mean all these years
I thought you were travelling with the Foreign Service.
I am.
It's just a lot more foreign than you thought.
And mom?
Has she really been digging for fossils in Peru?
Yes she has.
Then I wanna go live with her.
You can't.
You see there's a rule.
If you set eyes on your
mother in the next two years
she'll turn into a ball of wax.
What!
It's the way they discourage
mortal-witch marriages.
So is that the reason
you and mom got divorced?
No.
So d'ya think maybe you
could get back together?
No.
That's another ship that's sailed.
You 're going to be fine.
Just take some time
and think about all this
and if you ever need me,
I'm in the index.
I call.
Five aces.
You cheat!
Do not.
Do too!
Do not!
Okay.
I've talked to my dad
and I've thought about it
and I guess I believe I'm a witch.
Good,
because you are.
Okay. You know what?
Let's try some magic.
Sabrina, you stand right there,
Hilda you stay there.
Alright,
let's start with the basics.
Orange into apple.
Now you concentrate and point.
Come on, try it.
Apple,
pineapple.
That's very close.
No it's not.
Let's try again.
I'm not very good at this.
You told me the
twenty-third time was the charm.
You'll learn to control your magic.
Or at the very least,
you'll always be able to garnish a ham steak.
One more try.
Salem into apple.
I think that's enough for one night.
The cat's right,
wrap it up.
You've got school tomorrow.
I'm a witch and I still
have to go to school?
Hm-hm.
Unfair.
Hey, maybe I'll turn Mr. Pool into...
Now! Now! Be careful pointing your finger at people,
it could be dangerous.
You're pointing at me.
I have the safety on.
Aw!
Morning.
Pineapple?
You're going to be late.
So? I'm a witch.
Can't I just turn back time?
U-uh! No, a witch can't change time.
That's one of the rules.
You're kidding?
No.
Gotta go!
You also can't get rid of cellulite.
Hey, I got a joke.
Knock knock.
Who's there?
Brad.
Brad who?
Brad Pitt.
Is there any other Brad worth mentioning?
Thank you for coming.
Did you enjoy that pop quiz?
I am so bad at history.
Me too. I mean how are we supposed to
remember things that happened so long ago?
Heads up!
Watch it with the football!
Are you okay?
Try to live in this world,
not just your own.
Can I sit here?
Sure.
How's your head?
Um, it kinda hurts.
Sorry, y'know
I didn't mean to hit you with the football.
Oh, that was you?
You have a really good arm.
Thanks.
Oh, do you know Jenny?
You live in the house with the funny mailbox right?
It's not our fault.
The people who lived there before us
were actually named Mr. and Mr.s Hog.
No, it's cute. My mailbox is boring,
it's really just a place to put letters.
Mine too!
Hi Harvey.
I'm having a party Saturday night,
you'll be there right?
Sure,
I'm not doing anything else.
Perfect.
Everyone cools coming.
Well that's all.
Oh-no.
Smell you later.
You did that on purpose!
Prove it.
Don't walk away! I mean it,
I've not done talking with you!
TWISTER!
EVERYBODY HIT THE DECK!
Where did Libby go?
I have no idea.
There's a lecture at MIT on the
Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle.
'It's either at eight or at ten.'
I hate being a witch!
I've just turned the most popular
girl in school into a pineapple.
Why?
Because it's the only thing you taught me how to do.
Chill,
I can fix this.
Chunks
or rings?
Hilda! There are other ways.
Wedges?
Sabrina doesn't know
how to seal her spells yet, so...
The popular girl is not a fruit.
There, all better.
What am I doing in your house?
You came over for a visit.
I would not.
You did something to me
you sent me somewhere.
It was small and it smelled like Hawaii.
Look Libby, I'm sorry I didn't...
Oh not as sorry as you will be.
You're an even bigger freak than I thought
and the whole school's going to know about it.
See? My way,
she'd be on a tooth-pick.
It's over!
My life is over!
I mean it's not just over,
it's over, over!
Oh stop, Libby can't hurt you.
She's just one person with a crazy story.
She's a cheerleader,
nobody has more credibility.
I mean the only way to make this better
is to turn back time and
you said a witch can't do that.
A witch can't
but collectively we do have
powers that a single witch doesn't.
It's a union thing.
So it's possible?
You can appeal to the Witches Council
but they only grant time
reversal in extreme cases.
Like for two months
a bunny ruled all of England.
When?
See?
Well how do I get to this Witches Council?
It's ten million light-years away,
But there's a short cut through our linen closet.
Now the head of the
council is named Drell.
He's a mean, pigheaded,
power mad despot.
We used to date.
I haven't seen him in centuries.
Not since he left her at the alter.
Daddy lost a huge deposit
on the Parthenon.
Would you let that go?
It's ancient history.
I knew the trouble you were getting...
I didn't even want that
big wedding with the long...
Excuse me! I'm trying to turn
back time here. Can we go?
Oh-no! I couldn't. I swore I would never
talk to Drell again as long as he lived.
Besides, the Council will respect you more if you go alone.
Now make a left at the towels and follow the signs.
And watch out for Drell.
And whatever you do, don't stare at his mole!
Sorry, is this the Witches Council?
Yes. I don't believe you have an appointment.
Drell, did you remember to feed the candle?
There, happy?
Er, I know I don't have an appointment
but I um I brought a wash cloth.
Okay, state your name, age and request,
we'll see if we can fit you in.
I'm Sabrina, I'm sixteen and I'd like to turn back time.
Denied!
Well we fit you in.
Next order of business...
Are you staring at my mole?
No! I just didn't get a chance to explain
why I wanted to turn back time.
Let's humour her.
Okay. Speak!
But quickly.
Okay, where do I start?
Y'know from the moment I started my new school
I didn't fit in. I wore the wrong shoes,
which may seem like nothing
but kids can be so judgmental...
I said quickly!
And frankly it's hard enough knowing you really
are a freak without everyone else knowing it too.
Oh the problems of teenagers are so interesting.
Well we'll review your case
and then we'll get back to you.
But I need to know.
And you will!
Now go,
and don't let the time-space
continuum hit you on the way out.
You love me don't you, huh Moley?
Salem, d'ya think the Council
will grant the time reversal?
I'm the wrong witch to ask
they weren't very lenient with me.
Sentenced to a hundred years
as a cat, and for what?
I don't know, for what?
Oh like any young kid I dreamed of world domination
course they really crack down
when you act upon it.
Wow! No wonder you're
so possessive of the sofa.
Hmm. It would have been glorious. Me,
as the firm but just Emperor of Earth.
Trust me, being a house pet
wasn't even plan 'B'
Come on, it's not that bad.
You take five thousand naps a day.
I can't go dancing
I can't play squash.
The sound of the can-opener
is the only thing that makes me feel truly alive.
Salem, would you like your rubber mouse?
Please.
Any word from the Witches Council?
Not yet and if I'm going to school
I have to leave any second.
That's it.
That's it?
Careful, don't burn your fingers.
Please! Please! Please! Please!
Request denied! Ha-ha-ha.
I'm sorry honey.
It's okay.
So, where are we moving?
I hear Greenland's a groove.
Get your books, you're going to be late.
You don't understand. aunt Hilda,
I'm not going to school.
Oh yes you are.
You can do this.
You can't go through life
being afraid of things.
Toughen up.
But everyone'll laugh at me.
So that's my choice?
Toughen up or toughen up?
Aunt Zelda, will you help me?
Oh you know I hate to say it but
aunt Hilda's right.
I mean who cares
what the other kids say?
Actually Libby thought
I was a freak even before this happened.
See?
Fine, I surrender.
I guess every school needs a weird kid,
it might as well be me.
I was the weird kid!
They don't tar and feather anymore do they?
I hated that.
You know who's fault this is?
That jerk Drell's
Just a thought but I bet you could
convince him to change his mind.
Me! I don't think so. Besides,
Sabrina's going to be fine.
Yes, she'll be ostracised
and reviled but she'll get over it.
The wounds will heal,
the scars will fade...
You know I can't face Drell!
Toughen up!
It's payback time Drell.
I'm coming in.
Hilda! What are you doing here?
Oh, get your hands off my mole!
Hey, I've got a joke.
Knock knock.
Who's there?
Brad.
Brad Pitt?
You told me that joke yesterday.
No I didn't,
I just heard it on the bus.
Really?
Excellent work Sabrina.
I cannot believe you aced the pop quiz!
Well what can I say,
I just love History.
'Heads up'
Can I sit here?
Sure.
That was a great catch.
I was in the zone.
D'you know Jenny?
You live in the house
with the funny mailbox right?
You know,
before we get into that.
If you're not doing anything Saturday night
would you like to come
and see a movie with Jenny and me?
Well sure,
that sounds like fun. Cool.
Cool.
So you were saying about mailboxes?
Hi Harvey.
I'm having a party Saturday night,
you'll be there right?
Sorry, I just made plans.
Oh, bubble burst, and I bet
you wanted everyone cool to come.
I love being a witch!
I don't know what made
the Council change their minds
but I got to do the whole day over again.
And now the teachers think I'm smart,
the jocks think I'm cool.
Oh and I'm going to the movies
with Harvey and Jenny Saturday night.
Woo-hoo! I'm normal!
Gotta go tell the cat.
Teens.
What about them?
Just in general.
Salem, I don't play squash
but how about a dance?
And once I controlled Eurasia
I was going to advance on...
Oh Salem, can you hold that thought.
I'll be right back,
I've gotta get some more milk.
Stay where you are.
You're a witch, look under the M's
Wow! Magic milk.
Cool, It worked. Hey,
I could get used to this magic.
Hey, share.
♪♪  Saboor Mughal  ♪♪
www.tvsubtitles.net